"Best Quotes Of All Time , Very Inspiring & Organized ! by Abee"
"The secret to staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age."
"No one is so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm."
"Forty is the old age of youth; fifty is the youth of old age."
"When angry, count to four; when very angry, swear."
"Beauty, without expression, tires."
"It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness."
"Beauty is in the eye of the beholder."
"Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it."
"It is not beauty that endears; it's love that makes us see beauty."
"Drive your business. Let not your business drive you."
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world."
"No change of circumstances car\ repair a defect of character."
"Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change."
"Children are our most valuable resource."
"Never underestimate a child's ability to get into more trouble."
"Courage is grace under pressure."
"Courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway."
"Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them."
"Success is never final. Failure is newer fatal. It's courage that counts."
"Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely."
"As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death."
"Education is when you read the fine print. Experience is what you get if you don't."
"Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death."
"All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others."
"Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish."
"The sole equality on earth is death."
"Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city."
"Family isn't about whose blood you have. It's about who you care about."
"Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies."
"Love is, above all else, the gift of oneself."
"Money won't create success. The freedom to make it will."
"Every great film should seem new every time you see it."
"Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings."
"Music is the wine that fills the cup of silence."
"Life is one grand, sweet song so start the music."
"Music in the soul can be heard by the universe."
"I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to."
"Music is a safe kind of high."
"May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't."
"It is well that war is so terrible - otherwise we would grow too fond of it."
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently."
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm."
"Eighty percent of success is showing up."
"Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today."
"You can do anything, but not everything."
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act but a habit."
"The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure."
"Sports serve society by providing vivid examples of excellence."
"You can't win unless you learn how to lose."
"Winners never quit and quitters never win."
"Science may set limits to knowledge, but should not set limits to imagination."
"Science newer solves a problem without creating ten more."
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent."
"Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right."
"Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise."
"We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools."
"As a child of God, I am greater than anything that can happen to me."
"Everything we do affects other people."
